The models imported from Blender very easily, which after using Maya last year was a surprise. I expected to spend an entire night fixing models and textures as I had to back then, but Blender was smooth. That is not to say that there were not a few issues.

For this, I exported the Blender models as an FBX file, using copy mode, including the textures baked into the models. This worked for the most part. However the brick texture used for the Tower itself broke, for reasons I could not figure out. Thankfully Unreal has a very close texture by default, that in truth looks a bit better, and thus I applied that as a replacement instead of fighting with the software to get the original texture working.The sword part of "The" was also slightly affected by this, except it simply had applied the wrong textures to some part of the model, simply changing the selected texture to the correct one fixed all issues without needed further editting. I also adjusted the base platform to be twice as large and applied a grass texture, built into unreal, to it.

The second issue was that all of the inside of the tower was culled. This took a few minutes to figure out how to fix, but ultimately was simple once figured out - I simply needed to change the materials to be two-sided. This allowed the tower to properly display. A second issue that was not fixable however, was that for the "Tower" word model, the R had part of its model break slightly. After examining everything I could, it appears to simply be an error that can't be fixed in Unreal. Thankfully, it doesn't break the model entirely and is still readable. Should time allow, I will attempt to fix this later, but we have other work that requires my focus, and this is relatively minor in the grand scheme of things.

All of the lights had their intensity set to 5 million for some strange reason, but that was another simple fix by just adjusting their values down to something more reasonable.

The Animation itself was set up using a sequencer. Using the camera already imported from blender, I simply set a series of keyframes for the camera to allow it to move up the tower, tracking its values via "transform" to achieve this effect. There is a slight judder due to a strange bug where a couple of keyframes values somehow linked together and refused to be editted seperately, even when outright deleted and remade, but for the most part it is smooth.

Once the camera reaches the top of the tower, it adjusts to a top down view. At this point, the camera begins to slowly move down, using a series of keyframes far apart that simply adjust the Z value to allow it to descend smoothly. The complicated part also started now however.

Each object in the tower, except for the bottom floor and its objects, had to move aside as the camera descends. As there is 13 objects that require moving (Roof, 3rd, 2nd, 1st floors, the sword, spear and hammer models, and 6 gloworbs) this requires a significant amount of keyframes, with each object adjusting throughout.

Rather than simply have the towers slide aside, I applied a rotation to it as it moves, giving a slightly more visually appealing effect, but not overly more difficult to achieve. The sword, spear and warhammer match the spin and movement, while the gloworbs instead rise up on their Z value and out of view of the camera. Rotating these properly with the floor and weapon was proving to be significantly more work for a not overly better effect, and thus the rising was used instead.

Once each section has rotated out of the way, the camera will have reached the bottom floor, and will close in on the logo placed on the bottom floor, then sit there for 15 frames before the animation ends.
